Add `maxlog` example (#59)
JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl: README.md

[ Info: Yo Dawg! it is all good
```

### Respecting `maxlog` convention

An `ActiveFilterLogger` can be used to wrap another logger to obey `maxlog` directives, for example,
similar to the `make_throttled_logger` example below,
```julia
function make_maxlog_logger(logger)

>     counts = Dict{Symbol,Int}()

Reviewer: I think this needs to be
```suggestion
    counts = Dict{Any,Int}()
```
see e.g. https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/40820

Author: annoying! ok, thanks

>     return ActiveFilteredLogger(logger) do log

Reviewer: Since this is based on `id` I think it can use an `EarlyFilteredLogger`?

Author: I tried that at first, but the issue is we need `kwargs.maxlog` too

Reviewer: Ah, right.

>         haskey(log.kwargs, :maxlog) || return true
>         if !haskey(counts, log.id) || (counts[log.id] < log.kwargs[:maxlog])
>             # then we will log it, and update the corresponding count
>             counts[log.id] = get(counts, log.id, 0) + 1
>             return true
>         else
>             return false
>         end

Reviewer: How about this (I found it slightly easier to read):
```suggestion
        maxlog = get(log.kwargs, :maxlog, nothing)
        maxlog === nothing && return true # no limit
        if (c = get(counts, log.id, 0); c < maxlog)
            # log this message and update the count
            counts[log.id] = c + 1
            return true
        else
            return false
        end
```

Author: this is nicer, thanks
